hey this is pressure Walker and you're
watching mind your decisions here's a
fun puzzle I received by email the
number a b c d e f is a special six
digit number imagine placing it as the
first row of a six by six table we find
the rest of the rows by multiplying the
number by two three four five and six
this number has a special property
in every row there are six different
digits with no repeats and in every
column there are six different digits
with no repeats in other words this is a
Latin Square and I should mention you're
multiplying the entire number in each
row for example if the six digit number
is one two three four five six then Row
2 would equal two four six nine one two
you're multiplying the entire number by
two three four five and six not each
individual digit in each column so the
puzzle is can you figure out a value for
ABCDEF give this problem a try and when
you're ready keep watching the video for
a solution so I solve the seemingly
impossible problem nearly instantly
because I knew the fractions of seven
are cyclical we start out with 1 over 7
which equals 14 28 and 57 repeating you
can remember this as 14 28 57 we can
find the rest of the fractions by 7 as
rotations of this number for example to
multiply this number by 2 we start out
with 14 28 57 repeating and then we
shift the digits to the next smallest
number
so to multiply by 2 we find the second
smallest digit in these six numbers this
would be the number 2 so we shift over
the numbers so we start out with the
number 2 so we multiply by 2 to get 28
57 and 14 we can do this to find the
rest of the fractions to multiply by 3
we start out with 14 28 57 we then look
for the third smallest digit which is
the number 4 we start out with the
number 4 and shift over all of the other
digits we continue this process to
figure out all of the other fractions of
7 you'll notice these are all rotations
of the same six numbers and we end up
with all of the fractions of 7 so how
does this help us solve the puzzle well
what we'll do is we'll go from fractions
to 6 digit numbers so we'll just remove
the fraction parts and we now end up
with the number 14 28 57 and all of
these multiplications are still valid
we'll now arrange these numbers into a
six by six table and there you go in
every road there are six different
digits with no repeats and in every
column there are six different digits
with no repeats this is a Latin square
ABCDEF is equal to 14 28 57 and I'm
pretty sure this is the only solution to
this puzzle because this is the only six
digit cyclical number in decimals which
doesn't have a leading zero but I leave
it open to you if you can find any other
possibilities or prove why this is the
only possibility did you figure it out
thanks for watching this video these
math videos inspire and build confidence
for people around the world and they've
already gotten over a hundred million
views but the math needies never praise
these videos and they spread their
negativity let's be extra positive to
cancel them out please help the cause by
subscribing for free to get the newest
videos and watching and sharing all of
mind your decisions videos you can also
email me a puzzle or math topic presh
and mind your decisions comm check out
my books which are linked in the video
description and you can support me on
patreon to earn exclusive rewards thanks
for watching and thanks for your
positive support